narrator: a brand-new linux host joins an existing OctraVPN tailnet.
narrator: the operator-supplied preauth key is already on the clipboard.
narrator: install stock tailscale from the distro package manager.
narrator: no octravpn binary is required — the plane is Tailscale-wire.
narrator: tailscale up points at the operator login-server URL.
narrator: the preauth key is consumed exactly once.
narrator: the host is issued a 100.64.x.x tailnet IP.
narrator: tailscale status lists every peer the operator authorised.
narrator: a ping to a peer confirms WireGuard is carrying traffic.
narrator: the linux host is now a first-class tailnet member.